TASK 7 REVISED:

SUBTRASK 1: get 1Gpc/h contour maps (without density fields)   

SUBTASK 1: get 1Gpc/h plots
In order to acquire the multiplots for the 1 Gpc/h box, create cuts 100,200,300,400,500 (noting that the num cells is 1024). Also check that the 500 cut is working properly (appears to have std = 0, so likely it is chosing the same subvolume each time, therefore may need to adjust the step or soemthing). 

SUBTASK 2: Create violin plots  
Only do this for the 1Gpc/h box (NOT REPEAT NOT THE 300 mpc/h box!!) 
When making the violin plots, use the following for the guassian distribution):
	mean = abs(Pavg/Pmax -1)
	std = std of P / Pavg
where P is each power value (thus need to iterate through all)  

SUBTASK 3: Paper edits
Remove all 300 Mpc/h multiplots save for cut 150 (PvsK), cut 75 (PvsK) and cut 75 (PvsZ), with the latter showing the dependence on redshift importantly. 
There is no need for appedices in the paper and thus remove them.  
Also, no need to include density field plots. 



ADDENDUM 1:
stradivarius.py for the 300Mpc/h program was aborted but NOT discarded, since it was used to test how to make the plots (since generating the new subvolume fields and power spectra the new cuts is taking time). 



ADDENDUM 2:
Because only 1 subvolume for the 500 cut is selected from the comsic density cirterion when creating and selecting subvolumes in make_subvolumes.py
Therefore, separately generate the 500 cut fields and power spectra without the comsic density criterion and then implement into the convergence tests (1 and 2) and violin plots via if statements 


ADDENEDUM 3:
Issue with the 200 and 400 cuts (both PvsK and PvsZ plots as well as violin plots) being oddly off
Suggested solution is to not do linear interpolation of P and K but linear interpolation of log(P) and log(K)

"I found a previous note that I left myself in the code for making the PvsK plots, that the 400 cut did not have corresponding k values to the selected k values. So I had to use interpolation via scipy.interpolate.interp1d. However, all the other plotting programs also rely on interpolation to get the power values." - Andrew 

"if you are interpolating power vs. k I would interpolate in log space
meaning, a linear interpolation of log(P) vs. log(k)
linear interpolation of P vs. k might make weird things happen 
it's because the relationship between P and k is usually very non-linear
but generally a power law is a good local approximation
and log P vs. log k assumes a power law" - Chris 

No other inconsistencies in the code has been found. 


